~ Xuanen (Cheryl) Ouyang z5255302 ~

Week 1
Our group was formed and I joined the group's Jira.
We discussed the project that we wanted to build and decided amongst ourselves who would work on the frontend and who would work on the backend.
We began brainstorming our system architecture, coming up with a few ideas for the languages and libraries we would use. 

Week 2
We began discussing the proposal during this week's meeting and set a soft deadline for next week's Thurday tutorial to leave us ample time to edit and finalise our work.
The requirements for the proposal were delegated between us and we decided on a 3 sprint structure to carry us through the project.
I was given the task of writing up a few user stories.

Week 3
I completed the user stories I was delegated.
I also created a flow diagram by myself to visually represent the path of a user through the web app.

Week 4
We completed and submitted our proposal.
Continued research into the movie database api we would integrate into our app.
I was assigned the search function ticket and I began building a basic structure for the search bar.

Week 5
I continued working on creating the search bar as well as the search results page, and used a dummy database to build a basic template of the results.
I ran into some issues with Tailwind CSS where all the styling disappeared from my branch so I decided to use Material UI after researching the compatibility of two different css libraries.
We presented our first demo during the tutorial and held our first retro after class.
I began working on the filter bar for sprint 2. 

Week 6
Completed the frontend for the search bar and focused on building the individual movie cover component for the search results page.
I continued working on the filter bar, finishing up most of the design components.
We connected the backend search function to the frontend search bar and I made note of all the bugs that came up. 

Week 7
I fixed the bugs that came with connecting the backend search function and kept a record of all new bugs that I ran into while testing different search parameters.
I completed the frontend for the filter bar, choosing to filter by genre, director, year and adding a sort by option.
I began working on a navigation bar that matched with the Figma design created by a member of the group.

Week 8
I continued working on the navigation bar, integrating it with the search bar and adding profile and logout buttons.
I started researching potential third party packages to achieve a carousel display for the homepage, specifically displaying the popular and recommended movies.
Began experimenting with different carousel packages to see which would suit our needs.

Week 9
I found an npm package for carousels that allowed us to display multiple movies at once and loop through the results.
I made the search and filter bars, and the carousels mobile responsive.
I connected the filtering of search results, popular and recommended movies to the backend via the endpoint provided by another member of the team.

Week 10
We worked on the report and presentation for the final demo.
We fixed a few bugs that came up during our manual testing of components. 
